# Nov Elysia, Cressidium // 12.14.5013u

The squad arrives at **FOB Saber**, repairs their mechs and has some downtime. Everyone also advances to LL1 and are able to choose a bond. 1st Lieutenant **Alex Kim** authorized (and prioritized) additional loadout permissions for them, giving access to some *exotic* gear as their mechs are repaired and retrofitted by Chief Engineer **Vonna Mayhew**.

Soldiers from the first wave have been steadily trickling into **FOB Saber** throughout the day. Now that the airspace is clear, soldiers can safely drop near the **FOB** in preparation for the next phase of the mission.

During downtime...

**Grim** has an awkward encounter with the **LSA** and Union troops having an argument about whose partner is the cutest. **Grim** does not seem to understand the question. He also learns what has been going on with the general forces in the mission. Things looked grim at the start, but now that the airpspace is clear around the **FOB** morale is pretty high.

**Vicar** has an encounter with **Private Regas** from the **LSA** and helps him settle down. He seems jittery from a combination of his first time in combat and too much combat stimulants, but he does give **Vicar** the ability to call in sniper support. 

**N4N0** makes unauthorized modifications to the schedule 1 printer **FOB Saber** is based around, drawing some negative attention from **Vonna**.

**Rambo** and **X-S** get a drink at the mess hall. Neither remembers what happened, but the troops seem rather impressed with them. After waking up, they get roped into helping out in the infirmary and a civilian shelter.


# Nov Elysia, Cressidium // 12.14.5013u

The squad resumes their trek towards **FOB Saber** and encounter a mechanized missile platform shooting down **Union** landing craft. They discover **Sovereignty** forces have deployed mobile missile batteries all throughout the city along with their other forces, and those units are preventing any dropships from making effective landings within the area of operations. This particular battery is positioned in such a way that it’s locking down the approach corridor to **FOB Saber**, which means that – as long as it remains active – it won’t be possible to touch down near the base without serious danger. 

The squad defeats the **Sovereignty** forces and continues on to **FOB Saber**.


# Nov Elysia, Cressidium // 12.14.5013u

The squad moves towards **FOB Saber** and encounter **LSA** soldiers attemting to escort a group of civilians to safety in a bus. The squad successfully repair the damaged bus and find a safe route out of the city for the civilians. **Rambo** is given a stuffed bunny.


# Nov Elysia, Cressidium // 12.14.5013u

The squad boards a dropship and begins descent toward the surface. The ship is hit by anti air from the surface and crashes on the surface. Operatives **Whisper** and **Vicar** are thrown from the ship and are incapacitated as they land in a manmade lake. The rest of the squad gets their bearings and finds that they are far off course from **FOB Saber**. As they begin to march on foot to the FOB, they are attacked by **Sovereignty** forces. **Whisper** and **Vicar** come as reinforcements and the Vestan troops are defeated.


# UNS-CV Rio Grande // 12.14.5013u

The peace the squad has become accustomed to is interrupted by a call by **Rio** the shipboard NHP to prepare for deployment. 1st Lieutenant **Alex Kim** announces that the **Vestan Sovereignty** has attacked the **LSA** and **Ambassador Bannerjee** and **Captain Farris** are been trapped in **Nov Elysia**. Communications on the surface are jammed, and the squad will be sent in with the first wave to the surface. They are to land at **Forward Operating Base Saber** and await further orders, with authorization to engage Vestan forces if fired upon.


# UNS-CV Rio Grande // 11.23.5013u
The squad arrives at the planet **Cressidium**, maintaining stable orbit over the capital city of the **Leandric States Alliance(LSA)**, **Nov Elysia**. The mission is to escort the third ambadassorial delegation headed by **Union Ambassador Nilan Bannerjee**. **Bannerjee** has been engaging in delicate negotiations between the two major powers of **Cressidium**, the **LSA** and the **Vestan Sovereignty**, who are currently locked in a cold war. They are currently on board the **Union** light cruiser **Rio Grande**, commanded by Captain **Brigid Farris**. This is the squad's first mission after graduating from pilot academy.

Without any immediate danger to confront, life aboard the Rio Grande largely revolves around maintenance, drills, training, briefings, and all the other assorted sundry duties that come with a posting aboard a naval vessel, not to mention recreational activities.

**X-S** spends his free time drinking, gambling and making modifications to his mech. One day as fairly rare occurrence, he encountered **Nilan Bannerjee** in the canteen. Like many others aboard the **Rio Grande** he lost against **Bannerjee** in a game of poker.

**N4N0** has been making unsanctioned modifications to the Ship, drawing some undesired attention. Despite being caught, **N4N0** has continued to improve the ship in secret, sometimes roping other members of the squad into the illicit activity.

**Grim** has been studying all he can on the planet Cressidium. In his research on the Omninet and trips down to the planet, he has found that the presence of Union has caused a significant shift in the power balance between the **LSA** and the **Vestan Sovereignty**, and there has been internal political divides within the **Vestan Sovereignty** on how to respond to the new situation.

**Rambo** scrounged together enough materials to put together a distillery where he brews moonshine. He has yet to be caught. Otherwise, he mainly spends time tinkering with his mech in the engineering bay.
